FMRIB Software Library, Release 6.0 (c) 2018, The University of Oxford
(the "Software")

The Software remains the property of Oxford University Innovation 
("the University").

The Software is distributed "AS IS" under this Licence solely for
non-commercial use in the hope that it will be useful, but in order
that the University as a charitable foundation protects its assets for
the benefit of its educational and research purposes, the University
makes clear that no condition is made or to be implied, nor is any
warranty given or to be implied, as to the accuracy of the Software,
or that it will be suitable for any particular purpose or for use
under any specific conditions. Furthermore, the University disclaims
all responsibility for the use which is made of the Software. It
further disclaims any liability for the outcomes arising from using
the Software.

The Licensee agrees to indemnify the University and hold the
University harmless from and against any and all claims, damages and
liabilities asserted by third parties (including claims for
negligence) which arise directly or indirectly from the use of the
Software or the sale of any products based on the Software.

No part of the Software may be reproduced, modified, transmitted or
transferred in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical,
without the express permission of the University. The permission of
the University is not required if the said reproduction, modification,
transmission or transference is done without financial return, the
conditions of this Licence are imposed upon the receiver of the
product, and all original and amended source code is included in any
transmitted product. You may be held legally responsible for any
copyright infringement that is caused or encouraged by your failure to
abide by these terms and conditions.

You are not permitted under this Licence to use this Software
commercially. Use for which any financial return is received shall be
defined as commercial use, and includes (1) integration of all or part
of the source code or the Software into a product for sale or license
by or on behalf of Licensee to third parties or (2) use of the
Software or any derivative of it for research with the final aim of
developing software products for sale or license to a third party or
(3) use of the Software or any derivative of it for research with the
final aim of developing non-software products for sale or license to a
third party, or (4) use of the Software to provide any service to an
external organisation for which payment is received. If you are
interested in using the Software commercially, please contact Oxford
University Innovation ("OUI"), the technology transfer company of the
University, to negotiate a licence. Contact details are:
fsl@innovation.ox.ac.uk quoting Reference Project 9564, FSL.


-------------------------------------------------------------------

The Standard Space Atlases

The Cerebellum, Harvard-Oxford, JHU, Juelich, Striatum and Thalamus atlases, 
whilst not being the property of Oxford, are released under the terms of the
main FSL licence above, at the request of their owners. These atlases
should therefore not be used for commercial purposes; for such
purposes please contact the primary co-ordinator for the relevant
atlas:

Harvard-Oxford: steve@fmrib.ox.ac.uk
JHU: susumu@mri.jhu.edu
Juelich: S.Eickhoff@fz-juelich.de
Thalamus: behrens@fmrib.ox.ac.uk
Cerebellum: j.diedrichsen@bangor.ac.uk
Striatum: andri.tziortzi@gmail.com

-------------------------------------------------------------------

FSLView

FSLView sources are released under the terms of the GPLv2
(http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html). FSLView 
binaries use Qt (http://qt.nokia.com) which is released under LGPLv2.1.
The FSLView binaries are released under the GPL, with the added 
exception that we also give permission to link this program with the Qt
non-commercial edition, and distribute the resulting executable,
without including the source code for the Qt non-commercial edition in
the source distribution.

FSLView is distributed "AS IS" under this Licence in the hope that it
will be useful, but in order that the University as a charitable
foundation protects its assets for the benefit of its educational and
research purposes, the University makes clear that no condition is
made or to be implied, nor is any warranty given or to be implied, as
to the accuracy of the Software, or that it will be suitable for any
particular purpose or for use under any specific conditions.
Furthermore, the University disclaims all responsibility for the use
which is made of the Software. It further disclaims any liability for
the outcomes arising from using the Software.